DCWL-2072 Amend README (#99)
hmrc/api-notification-queue: README.md

# API Notification Queue

> The API Notification Queue service provides a means to persist and actively retrieve notifications, as this is where all the pull notifications are processed and saved. Allowing the `api-notification-pull` service to act as the upstream client, facilitating the retrieval of these notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Notification Queue service provides a means of persisting and actively retrieving notifications, as this is where all the pull notifications are processed and saved. The `api-notification-pull` service acts as the upstream client, facilitating the retrieval of these notifications.
```
